Yamori...
What are you doing?
Akira...
I keep meaning to ask,
but do you really have no friends at all?
Uh, what's with the face?
From what point are people "friends"?
What?
What do you mean by that?
Exactly what it sounds like.
From what point?
When you think they're friends, I guess?
When you think they are?
Oh, sorry.
That's still too complicated for you, huh, Ko-kun?
Sorry.
But considering you can't just ask,
is it okay to assume someone's a friend?
Oh right, 'cuz you have no friends.
Hey, I did have friends when I was little, you know!
We played together a lot.
But I thought calling someone a friend
when you haven't seen them for years might be rude.
So it's not that you don't want friends.
This sad little transceiver...
I think I got it because I wanted to
communicate with someone.
Does that mean you thought you wanted a friend?
Maybe?
I'm not sure.
Komori Housing Complex Council
Nazuna Nanakusa
Ko Yamori
That day we were accomplices under the apple tree
We tried stepping over the line
Immediate black out
Oops, you're angry...
Chased away to this unfortunate dimension
I can't believe I...
Someone like me...
Of all people, I couldn't...
Wait, no way
I blamed you
Got hold of a secret
The fig leaves go right and left
In a blink of an eye I wake up
But then I'm falling toward the sky
I don't know, I just can't stop
Just one more bite
Again, Fallin' fallin' down in a spiral, falling on a skyscraper
Fallin' fallin' two all alone, we don't even notice the curtain call
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, forever
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, I let myself go
And just like that
The wounds are being filled, yeah
Again, Fallin' fallin' down in a spiral, falling on a skyscraper
Fallin' fallin' two all alone, we don't even notice the curtain call
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, forever
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, I let myself go
And just like that
The wounds are being filled, yeah
Why do you have my transceiver?
"Why"?
I never threw it out because
you gave it to me, remember?
Huh?
Wait...
What's going on?
I gave it to her?
We were always in different classes,
and you became a lot more outgoing
around sixth grade
and made a lot of friends.
I kind of missed my chance to talk to you again.
I waited for you to send a call signal but you never did.
I thought you had forgotten about it, so I left it.
But you haven't been to school lately so...
Well, I called to see how you were.
Then I heard a sound from nearby.
That was a surprise.
H-hold on just a sec!
That transceiver...
Did I hand it to you?
No.
I thought so, then-
But you left it on our mailbox, remember?
I never knew Akira's room number until now!
Akira...
Uh...
But anyway, I'm glad you seem okay.
Everyone else updated their image of you
with what you're like now,
but you used to be pretty gloomy, you know?
I was worried.
Because we're friends.
Friends?
You were standoffish and I wasn't sure
you really thought of me as your friend,
but you thought about it in your own way
and gave me a token of how you felt.
It made me happy, so thanks.
This... this misunderstanding...
This is really bad, isn't it?
Hey!
Come play with us, Ko.
What are you doing?
I'm watching some ants carry a dead insect.
Seriously, what are you doing?
It's pretty fun.
You don't have to run around to play, do you?
I'm having fun with everyone in my own way,
so don't worry about me.
We're friends, aren't we?
Huh?
Uh, I don't...
Well, I guess?
Oh, good!
A-Akira...
It's been a while.
Wait, why are you in your uniform?
Are you going home now?
Of course not.
I'm heading out now.
But it's 4 a.m.!
The middle of the night!
You mean early morning.
I always wake up early.
So I take walks in the morning before school.
I'd never do that.
What are you doing, Yamori?
Taking a walk on the way home... I guess?
Oh, hey then...
Can we meet again, same time tomorrow?
Yeah? What's up, Ko-kun?
I was just about to go to sleep. Over.
Nazuna-chan, I've got news.
Huh?
Apparently, I did have a friend.
One friend.
Only one?
G'night.
Seems like you're going home earlier
these days, Ko-kun.
Really? But it's already 3:30 a.m.
Are you kidding?
The night's just beginning, yo!
Definitely not just beginning.
You do your thing and then leave right away...
So this is just a physical relationship, huh?
If anything, that pertains to you, Nazuna-chan!
It's okay, I don't mind.
You really get a kick out of that, don't you?!
You're going to go see another woman, aren't you?
I know about that.
Um, n-no, it's not like that...
Uh, for real?
N-no...
No! No!
It really isn't like that at all!
Really!
R-really!
Anyway, see you tomorrow!
Bye, Nazuna-chan!
Ugh, I can't drink any more...
Yeah...
Akira!
Yo.
You ran here?
Uh, yeah.
After hanging out with Nazuna-chan,
it's become my routine to meet with Akira
before she goes to school.
Though it's not like we really talk that much.
We just make random small talk sometimes.
I mean, didn't she used to be more talkative and lively?
I feel like she wasn't quite like this.
What?
Well...
I just wondered if it's fun for you hanging out with me?
Is it not fun for you, Yamori?
It's not that it's not fun...
Then that's fine.
It's pretty fun for me.
Huh...
If I'm wrong, that's totally fine...
but is this, like, you know...
Does she like me or something?
If she does...
I see how it is.
Wait, what? Who's that?
I was wondering what you were doing behind my back.
Sh-she's pissed?
Is she pissed?!
Crap, crap!
What do I do? What do I do?!
What do... What... What... What do I do?!
What'cha doing, playing hanky-panky
in a place like this?
Huh? Huh?
You go, you!
Uh, hanky... What's that?!
Well, of course!
What else would a young boy and girl
be doing this late,
other than playing hanky-panky?
"Hanky-panky"?
What does that even mean?!
Uh, um...
Do you know this person, Yamori?
Well, yeah...
Oh, no need to worry!
My relationship with him is purely physical,
so you can relax, missy.
Don't say it like that!
Y-Yamori, it's okay that you're not coming to school,
but you shouldn't have too much risky fun.
N-no! It's not like that!
You hear that, Ko-kun?
Will you shut up, Nazuna-chan?!
Ko-kun... Nazuna-chan...
So that's what it's like, huh?
What part of that registered with you?
Like I said, it's purely physical.
Shut up, jeez!
You like her, don't you?
That's great.
Don't say he likes me, how embarrassing.
She's blushing...
Aw, jeez! Enough of that!
You schoolkids like to link everything to romance!
Uh, why is your face all red?
Shut it! Keep your mouth shut, kid!
Honestly! Do we have to do this?
Ko-kun, stand up a sec.
Okay...
I'll show you.
You better not look away.
Uh, w-wait! Really?!
Pl-please, st-stop it!
Don't do it in front of my friend!
Ahh, delicious!
What? What was that?
What's that?
Your neck...
She drank your blood?
You... What are you?!
A vampire, of course.
3rd Night: A Lot Came Out
Beer okay for you guys, too?
Why would that be okay?
Excuse me, can I get the breakfast special
with some hot coffee?
You, Yamori?
Uh, then I'll have a hot coffee, too.
Understood.
What? You guys are no fun.
You can't drink alcohol if you're under-aged.
Yamori, I've got to ask you again.
What's with this person?
Uh, well...
'Scuse me! Another beer!
Why are you letting her drink your blood?
Is this a usual thing?
Does it have anything to do with
you not coming to school?
I thought you might not want to talk about it,
so I made a point of not asking...
but why did you stop coming to school?
Who cares if he doesn't go to school?
As if it's worth anything.
Will the monster please stay quiet for bit?
"M-monster"?
Hey, Ko-kun, this girl's really something!
'That so?
Akira...
What?
I feel bad that I never told you,
but I don't really know how to explain it.
I thought I was getting by fine at school,
but then I just couldn't be bothered anymore.
I wasn't having fun.
When that suddenly happens,
how are you supposed to deal with that emotion?
It's the same for me.
Every day, I don't enjoy being at school or at home.
But I have to go.
Sometimes, I can't tell if my friends are still friends.
So I was glad I ran into you
for the first time in a while, Yamori.
And seeing your face looking like
it did back in elementary school.
Yamori, come to school with me.
It's more fun for me with you around.
Akira...
You're interesting, missy.
What's your name again?
I'm Nazuna Nanakusa, a vampire.
Akira Asai, human.
I mean, I still not sure I believe this whole vampire thing.
You don't have to believe me.
I'm still just a vampire either way.
Asai-chan, you're Ko-kun's friend, aren't you?
I am.
You hadn't seen him in a while?
What were you doing all this time?
Didn't you think to contact him?
I'm leaving.
Wait, what?! Nazuna-chan?!
Nazuna-chan left without paying her bill.
What's with that person?
Yamori?
Use this!
So is she angry?
Because of Akira?
But is she really?
I mean, Akira's just a friend,
and she seemed like she was having fun,
and she even had beer...
Uh...
Are you angry?
I'm not angry.
But you are.
I said I'm not angry.
Then what is it?
How am I supposed to know if you don't tell me
what you're angry about, Nazuna-chan?!
Argh, shut up!
Just shut up, you idiot!
You goody-goody piece of crap!
Think for yourself, dimwit!
So you are angry-
Hey! Where are you going?!
Dammit, what is Nazuna-chan so angry about?!
Dammit, I'm not gonna lose sight of you!
I totally lost sight of her...
She's nowhere...
I don't get why she's angry.
And is this a fight we're having?
Ow...
I hope none of my teeth broke.
Uh, Nazuna-chan?
Um, I'm sorry.
Over.
About what?
Because you're angry.
What, you apologize because someone's angry?
Because I was seeing a friend in secret.
What? Why should I get angry over that?
Um...
It's great that you have a friend.
Nazuna-chan...
I've hardly ever been in a fight with someone before,
so I really don't get it -
why you're angry.
So I want you to tell me if you can.
And...
I want to make up with you, Nazuna-chan.
Our relationship warrants making up, huh?
N-Nazuna-chan?
What we have is purely physical.
And you want to make up?
Can we put that aside for a moment?
I'm not angry, really.
I just got ticked off, that's all.
Angry and ticked off are different?
Asai-chan, was it? Your friend?
Remember she said, "Come with me to school"?
Why couldn't you answer right away?
Huh?
That's what got to you?
Well, yeah...
Nazuna-chan, at the moment,
there's no way I'd go to school.
Huh?
The reason I hesitated was because
I don't know how to tell a human friend
that I won't go because
I want to become a vampire.
Touché.
Right?
What happened to you?
There's blood on you.
Oh, I tripped just now.
Oh my, a lot came out.
What are you say-
You said "human friend."
Does that mean you have a vampire friend, too?
I won't take any more blood from you today.
See you tomorrow, friend.
Nazuna-chan...
Friends...
don't usually kiss and stuff.
The call of the night
Shine on me moonlight
Eye caught by blue light
The two-faced sides of neon lights
The call of the night
Take me away, midnight
Bloodshot red eyes
A lullaby for grownups
Loved the nights since I was a kid
I kinda hated going to bed at nine
It just felt like a waste somehow
I wanted to get to know you better
Hey hey
The early bird catches you know what
I wanna see deeper, deeper, deeper
Unravel in deep shades
From 12 o'clock to 2 o'clock
The first time I stepped over you
No, the first I mounted you was at fourteen, I think
Me, just an ignorant wannabe
Led by the hand, everything was new
Your physique and that scent
That dark skin that fits well with the quiet
I was drawn in, submissive to the beckoning
Then you gave me music
You showed me a woman's naked body
Sipped on booze I'd never had
Smoked my old man's butts
Flooded with don't do's
Smeared with shouldn't know's
Under the screen of darkness, coming to get us
You're always so capricious
The call of the night
Shine on me moonlight
Eye caught by blue light
The two-face sides of neon lights
The call of the night
Take me away, midnight
Bloodshot red eyes
A lullaby for grownups